Exp1:
Consider a student database of SEIT class (at least 15 records). Database contains
different fields of every student like Roll No, Name and SGPA.(array of structure) a) Design a
roll call list, arrange list of students according to roll numbers in ascending order (Use Bubble
Sort or Insertion sort)
b) Arrange list of students to find out first ten toppers from a class. (Use Quick sort) c)
Search students according to SGPA. If more than one student having same SGPA, then print
list of all students having same SGPA. (Use binary search with or without recursion).

Exp2:
Implement stack as an abstract data type using singly linked list and use this ADT for
conversion of infix expression to postfix, prefix and evaluation of postfix and prefix expression.

Exp3:
Implement Circular Queue using Array. Perform following operations on it. a)
Insertion (Enqueue)
b) Deletion (Dequeue)
c) Display
(Note: Handle queue full condition by considering a fixed size of a queue.)

Exp4:
Construct an Expression Tree from postfix and prefix expression. Perform recursive and
nonrecursive In-order, pre-order and post-order traversals.

Exp5:
Implement binary search tree and perform following operations:
a) Insert (Handle insertion of duplicate entry)
b) Delete
c) Search
d) Display tree (Traversal)
e) Display - Depth of tree
f) Display - Mirror image
g) Create a copy
h) Display all parent nodes with their child nodes
i) Display leaf nodes
j) Display tree level wise

Exp6:
Implement In-order Threaded Binary Tree and traverse it in In-order and Pre-order.

Exp7:
Represent a graph of your college campus using adjacency list /adjacency matrix. Nodes should
represent the various departments/institutes and links should represent the distance between them. Find
minimum spanning tree
a) Using Kruskal’s algorithm. or
b) Using Prim’s algorithm.

Exp8:
Represent a graph of city using adjacency matrix /adjacency list. Nodes should represent the various
landmarks and links should represent the distance between them. Find the shortest path using Dijkstra's
algorithm from single source to all destination.

Exp9:
Implement Heap sort to sort given set of values using max or min heap.

Exp10:
Department maintains student’s database. The file contains roll number, name, division and address.
Write a program to create a sequential file to store and maintain student data. It should allow the user to add,
delete information of student. Display information of particular student. If record of student does not exist an
appropriate message is displayed. If student record is found it should display the student details.

